today I'm looking for 10 of your stupid
and idiotic hidden characters around
these Mario kart tracks they're going to
get harder and harder as the video goes
on we're going to start with Daisy these
daisies aren't going to move all right
but we got to find Daisy on Daisy
Cruiser that's the first one we got to
look for again the lacu mod is active so
I can literally go anywhere dude okay I
can't go this way but under those stairs
would be nuts dude nothing that I'm
seeing at of the ordinary so far we're
looking for the character and the
coin and the
coin oh right here you thought you were
slick Daisy huh you thought you were
slick huh give me your stupid coin there
we go already found Daisy just like that
y thought you had me H let's move on Ice
world looking for roselina this one
seems a bit more challenging to be
honest I know you can get over here so
I'm going to check maybe she's on like
the tip of the oh I can't go here the
tip of the ice can I go over here like
what the heck's going on
dude wait let's see is she here what
okay she wasn't and can I go up here
yeah I can oh my gosh dude oh man this
is
rough okay so that brings me off the map
so I can't go too far got to check these
twees I think I feel good we breach this
area and we can continue on I feel feel
like y'all would try to like get me here
and put it up on the ice and be like
he's not going to get up there and I
didn't oh my God what a beautiful Track
by the way I don't think she's up here
I'm probably wrong dude I'm probably
wrong all right I'm I'm going to go into
this yeah okay you never know or even
down
here all right I'm going backwards
[Music]
move
bro for real like are you kidding me man
yeah don't honk your horn at me okay now
stop it that roselena by going in
reverse all right Yoshi Island looking
for Yoshi but there's just so much crap
on this track dude he could be anywhere
see like under one of these
croissants what the hell you made me
almost jum my croissant there's so much
to explore
bro maybe up
[Music]
here hi Yoshis where're your friends
yeah this is wild I can go all the way
over here like how far can I go
[Music]
here yo this
is hold
on this is
wild all right I'm going to go backwards
I'm going to use my my big brain
strategy here okay I'm going to check
over
here can I go here oh my God like look
at
this no no no no no okay all right I I'm
done exploring this area wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait got to be
careful trying to be slick huh and I'm
probably overthinking it like his stupid
ass is just going to be like sitting in
the corner digging in his nose or
something man
[Music]
okay bro what a stupid spot you guys
thought I would just drive past it no I
need to collect the coin move
Yoshi thank you can you move please all
right we found y
I want to knock him off hold
on yeah oh my God I can't do
it just just let's move on dry dry
desert looking for dry bones I know I I
know what to do now what I'm going to do
is I'm going to take a little frat lap
that's what I'm going to do I've said
that term
before I know exactly what I'm doing
that's too easy Dry Bones that's too
easy you're not thinking like me let's
move on baby squeaky clean Sprint
looking for Metal Mario oh boy this
one's going to be kind of rough I
think but let's just we'll frat lap we
got to keep her eyes peeled a little bit
more this
time I'm telling you
guys you can't trick me you can't trick
me you can't Metal Mario under the book
up too good five more remain we're
looking for chette here on uh what is
this track called ice Sunday or
something imagine just like behind here
and I just instantly saw her this is
tough because I don't know how low I
could go I mean I know how low I could
go but you know I'm look at be in the
damn ice cream go yes now my question is
is can I get like here I can okay now
this this is this may be a little bit
more challenging than I thought okay and
this one I fall unless down here wo dude
this is tough one you guys think maybe
Behind These ice cream trucks I don't
think I can get over there I I think
it's going to be another one where like
she's just hiding behind a ramp or
something stupid like imagine she was on
top of this vanilla ice cream and I had
to find her okay now I always tend to go
right and I think you guys know that so
I'm going to go left this time I'm going
to go here let's turn around okay this
one's a little challenging o wait a
minute I can't be this dumb right hold
on I'm gonna I'm going to fall off cuz I
want to test the theory if this is where
I think Toadette is dude oh my god I'm
an absolute [__] okay hold
on okay so I'm not an idiot she's not
there okay the music is so intense too
man it's like if I don't find her in
time I'm just going to blow up tell you
man I really think it's around this
section here
man let's let's turn here
and Toadette you thought huh you thought
you had a good hiding spot huh well
guess what now Toadette now you die give
me this damn corn let's go sweet sweet
Canyon looking for pach okay so I don't
think I can get through the gate I think
I'm good on this
section okay now let me see hold on hold
on hold on hold on hold on hold on hold
on let's stop right here we you know
I've done I've done a couple of these
videos
already and I know for a fact that you
can drive on certain
liquids baby let's go I'm absolutely
insane I'm telling you I knew that PJ oh
wa let's go three Remain the minute I
see the track name I start getting
curious as to where Waluigi could be
let's try to climb this real quick okay
I guess can I maybe try to hop up here
ah dang it come on
[Music]
I'm insane these are stupid as hell I'm
telling you guys if you're watching this
right now leave a comment where your
hiding spot is man I'll just know I'm
getting too good we got two left let's
move on out of all the ones this is my
biggest concern because Bowser's
Castle it's it's such a large track but
I'm going to I'm going to try to be as
smart as I possibly can be here I've
been on a freaking tear dude can I go
here okay I can drive on the lava that's
huge okay let's just keep looking oh boy
this is this is actually
wild holy crap
dude I'm just
like I'm just like on the bottom
here what w
dude wao okay I might get stuck here oh
boy I'm lost oh no I'm getting anxiety
all right I might have to
restart cuz I I I can't escape I haven't
even gotten like out of the castle yet
like I'm I'm really I'm really just like
taking my time because I'm worried it's
going to be in some stupid spot I don't
know if it would be here man this this
is just this is crazy if it's like on
one of these Ledges there right it would
be nuts we're looking for Dry
Bowser I'm doing the thing I can't see
over the okay I definitely can drive on
this
100% yes got it check the uh the lava
waterfall wa okay all right let's check
over here you think he's you think he's
next to dry Bowser's
Wing am I staring at his dead we're
going down the waterf there wait oh I'm
cooking hold on what the
heck can I go down
here what the heck like dude if it's
Bowser's Castle I it's got to be
somewhere on the lava right hold on hold
on hold on hold on hold on hold on hold
on hold on hold on is this lava
here oh my God I thought he was going to
be right here what a fire spot though
and I have to restart dang it we haven't
escaped yet we've checked this area I I
don't I don't think he's there I don't
I'm fully I've convinced myself that
he's not okay now this area we've
checked like good amount here we went
like to his pain and everything man
[Music]
what
the I don't know what just happened with
me mentally but I'm I'm going down
here okay all the way back here he's got
to be over here has to be come on where
you at triy Bowser where you at him
brother this is crazy how is he not over
here no man
yes there he is give me that to oh my
God in this little freaking pit we found
him and now we got just one more uh what
the hell are we facing the wrong way
guys where are you guys looking are you
facing Your Leader all right Mount Wario
looking for a Wario I know how y'all
think and the problem is is y'all don't
know how I think I know you more than
you know me 90% that the last hidden
coin AKA Wario is going to be in a spot
that has to do with ice not snow with
ice so I'm talking about this section
right here so first let me let me just
go down here okay so I'm stuck here
which is fine I I'm not going to be get
out of this I don't think like he's not
going to be towards the end right it's
going to be in the beginning because you
guys want me to drive all the way to the
end be like where is he where is he I'm
trust me get out of my way this is where
you all thought you
cooked well guess what I'm Ratatouille
the thing that sucks is these little
crannies bro and then I have to what
start over again why like why would
y'all make me do this this big ass map
for this big ass lap two
though this is where it gets
interesting so I'm going to drop here
part of me feels like it's In this River
man what the heck dude maybe it's here
[Music]
I found him but how do I get up
there how do I get up there I I swear to
God I just did I just see did y'all just
see him or am I tripping did you add
like the big butt mod cuz he's looking
extra thick right now I don't know
what's going on okay hang on hang on
hang on slow down here a little bit
Aaron I have to somehow
get over here come on let me over let me
over
it how do I do this I see him like he's
right there dude but how do
I can you go with like wait wait wait
wait maybe right
here no don't tell me I'm stuck
bro no man what if I
just did this
then I turned
around okay all
right yes big brain got it and there we
go I found Wario and his fat ass and his
blue coin which means I am faom all
ladies and gentlemen that'll do it 10
characters hid by you faom all if you
enjoyed it the like button down below
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
next time you're dismissed